[docs] Rename Expo client to Expo Go (#11747)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/firebase-analytics.md

To use this package, the native Firebase configurations need to be added to your app.
[Please follow this guide on how to set up native Firebase.](/guides/setup-native-firebase)

## Expo Go: Limitations & configuration

> The use of Native Firebase Analytics requires that the google-services configuration is bundled and linked into your app. Since the standard Expo Go loads projects on demand, it does not have the google-services configuration linked into its app-bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of Native Firebase Analytics requires that the google-services configuration is bundled and linked into your app. Since Expo Go loads projects on demand, it does not have the google-services configuration linked into its app-bundle.
```

> Instead, the standard Expo Go relies on a JavaScript-based implementation of Firebase Analytics to log events. This means that certain native life-cycle events are not recorded in the standard client, but you can still use `logEvent` to record events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, Expo Go relies on a JavaScript-based implementation of Firebase Analytics to log events. This means that certain native life-cycle events are not recorded in the standard client, but you can still use `logEvent` to record events.
```

setDebugModeEnabled(isEnabled: boolean): Promise<void>
```

Enables debug mode _(Expo Go only)_ so events can be tracked using the [DebugView in the Analytics dashboard](https://firebase.google.com/docs/analytics/debugview#reporting).

> This option is **only available on the standard Expo Go**. When using a standalone build, the bare workflow or web, use the [natively available options](https://firebase.google.com/docs/analytics/debugview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option is **only available in Expo Go**. When using a standalone build, the bare workflow, or web, use the [natively available options](https://firebase.google.com/docs/analytics/debugview).
```
